The first of October is China's national day, isn't it, Ling Ling?
Yes. The People's Republic of China was founded on the first of October, 1949.
People have celebrated the national day since then.
There are flowers and national flags everywhere, and we have a three-day holiday.
Do you have any plans for the holiday this year?
Yes. My parents and I are going to visit some friends in Shangdong Province,
and we'll stay there until the end of the holiday.
While we're staying with our friends, we're going to spend one day in Qing Gao.
When is your national day, Betty?
Our national day is called Independence Day. It's on the 4th of July.
We've celebrated it since 1777.
It's a public holiday, but we only have one day off.
On that day, there are all kinds of holiday activities.
It's the start of the vacation season, and most people take a vacation sometime in July or August.
And is there anything special on that day?
Well, you can see American flags everywhere.
We usually have a picnic somewhere nice. Kids have great fun.
We also watch bands play music in public parks.
Do you have a national day in the UK, Tony?
No, we don't. We celebrate Christmas with a two-day holiday,
and my family always goes somewhere interesting as soon as the holiday begins.